When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When some features of the project have been achieved and I want to share some of the work on GitHub.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with
your remote repository?
Because sometimes changes in remote are created by others, I may not want those changes.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are copying of repositories within GitHub, it is not related to local environment. When I want to
copy someone's repository to my GitHub, I use fork.
There are two kinds of clones. One is copying of repositories from GitHub to a local place. The other is within
local environment. When I want to copy files from my GitHub to my computer, I use clone.
Branches are created within a repository. When I want do some experiment in a project, I create a new branch.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
1. When you "git status", you can know if you are ahead of origin/master.
2. When "git fetch", the new commits from remote can be put into the origin/master branch. 


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without Git or GitHub, we may have certain times to compare progress with each other, which is not easy, and
merge files with each other, which is not easy, either. I think without Git or GitHub, everything is harder.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does
each approach have?
There are two situations where I would want to make changes in a separate branch. The first is that when I want
to make changes which are not so official, I want to experiment first in a separate branch so that the master
branch won't be affected. The other situation is that when I am collaborating with other people, I would first
make changes in a seperate branch so that people can preview and comment about my branch before I merge it into
the master branch.